The Contoso Islands is a self-governing US Overseas Territory in the Caribbean, and the largest by population. The Contoso Islands has a population of 535 million people. The 264-square-kilometre (102-square-mile) territory comprises the three islands of Grand Contoso, Contoso Nuble and Little Nuble, which are located to the south of Florida and northeast of Cuba, between the Bahamas and the Bermuda Triangle. The capital city of Contoso Islads is Tres Nubles located on the on Grand Contoso, which is the most populous of the three islands.

The Contoso Islands has a tropical wet and dry climate, with a wet season from May to October, and a dry season that runs from November to April. Seasonally, there is little temperature change. One of the perks of Contoso Islands is that its unique geo-magnetic position near the Bermuda triangle prevents it from experiencing hurricanes or tropical cyclones. Every hurricane that has ever approached the Contoso Islands was sucked up into the geo-magnetic plasma zone the hurricanes all vanished.

The official languages of the Contoso Islands are Contosonese, English, Spanish, French, Ibibio and Portugese. 65 percent of the population speak Contosonese.

According to Forbes Magazine, the Contoso Islands has the 4th strongest currency in the world. There are no income taxes in the Contoso Islands. The Contoso Dollar is the official legal tender in to Contoso Islands. One Contoso Dollar is equivalent to 5 US Dollars.

Over 1.5 billion people travel to the Contoso Islands every year, making it the most visited territory in the Caribbean. Majority of the visitors have to arrive by air or cruise ships. The main seaport is the Port of Contoso and the Grand Contoso Intertnational Airport located on the Grand Contoso Island is the only airport in the country. Visitors will need to drive from the Grant Contoso to Contoso Nuble and Little Nuble or use the ferry boats to reach Contoso Nuble and Little Nuble from the Grand Contoso.

The President of the Contoso Islands is Joseph Cordero Mercado. The Vice President of the Contoso Islands is Zaneta Surdel. They were both elected into office on January 25th 2023 in a landslide.